Comment text object (#16938)
vim/vim: runtime/pack/dist/opt/comment/doc/comment.txt

Note: using `gC` may not always result in valid comment markers depending on
the language used.

> Additionally, the plugin defines comment text-object which has effect when

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, the plugin defines a comment text-object which requires syntax highlighting to be enabled.
```

highlighting to be enabled.
						     *v_ac* *ac*
ac		"a comment", select current or next comment.
		Leading and trailing white space is included.
		Trailing newlines are included too.
						     *v_ic* *ic*
ic		"inner comment", select current or next comment.

This plugin uses the buffer-local 'commentstring' option value to add or remove
comment markers to the selected lines.  Whether it will comment or un-comment
depends on the range of lines to act upon.  When all of the lines in range

> have comment markers, all lines will be un-commented, if it doesn't, the lines will

Reviewer 2: My eyeball suggests this line now overruns the margin, but I didn't measure precisely.

Author: eagle eye!

fixed.
